Update README.md (#15)
Caitlin1306/nch-final-project: README.md

## Introduction

To complete the Data Analytics course at Northeastern University, I had to produce the final project to fulfill the following criteria:

- Provide the project rationale.
- Utilizing a minimum of 3 programming languages, e.g., Pandas, Plotly & SQL

> - Collect feedbcak ie Make pull requests on GitHub, adding Katia & Theo as reviwers 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Collect feedbcak ie Make pull requests on GitHub, adding @missKatiaPunter  & @T-J-Summer  as reviwers 
```
